nobody leave home without keys phone or
wallet three-point check but we all know
that the smartphone's batteries are
horrible so this keychain charger will
be always with you and you can charge
your phone with nine volt alkaline
battery that you can buy anywhere and
can provide about two hours talktime
also you can charge different items at
the same time let's make this tiny nine
volt phone charger
[Music]
okay you will need who is the car
charger that can give about 1 amp output
power and inside there is a circuit
board with female USB connector and
wires on circuit board there are two
wires positive and negative cut off from
bar and both of them you will need to
solder to line volcán ecto if you can't
find one you can get from old line
batteries for free
next start up your soldering iron and
solder the wires from circuit board to
line volcán Ector just be careful on
polarity sides by now you should get
something like this this microUSB
connector I pull out from old cable
there is four wires green and white we
got cut off
now solder the wires from micro USB
connector to female USB connector pay
attention on polarity you can use
different connectors depends of which
type of phone you are using we are
almost done with glue gun put some glue
to attach the connector and I am using
blue heat shrink tube to fit everything
in place so far so good and the finished
result turned out pretty cool tiny phone
charger that works with 9 volt battery
and at the same time you can charge
phone and power up one more gadget
I hope you like this video project
please like share on Facebook or Twitter
whatever you like or you can visit my
other video projects and as always
subscribe and thank you for watching
[Music]